refactor(lane_change): parameterize incoming object yaw threshold (#9928)
autowarefoundation/autoware.universe: planning/behavior_path_planner/autoware_behavior_path_lane_change_module/README.md

| `collision_check.use_all_predicted_paths`                | [-]   | boolean | If false, use only the predicted path that has the maximum confidence.                                                                                                                                     | true          |
| `collision_check.prediction_time_resolution`             | [s]   | double  | Time resolution for object's path interpolation and collision check.                                                                                                                                       | 0.5           |

> | `collision_check.yaw_diff_threshold`                     | [rad] | double  | Maximum yaw difference between ego and object when executing rss-based collision checking                                                                                                                  | 3.1416        |
> | `collision_check.th_incoming_object_yaw`                 | [rad] | double  | Objects with a heading difference from the ego exceeding this value are excluded from the safety check.                                                                                                    | 2.3562        |

Reviewer: Just to make the difference more clear.

```suggestion
| `collision_check.yaw_diff_threshold`                     | [rad] | double  | Maximum yaw difference between predicted ego pose and predicted object pose when executing rss-based collision checking                                                                                                                  | 3.1416        |
| `collision_check.th_incoming_object_yaw`                 | [rad] | double  | Maximum yaw difference between current ego pose and current object pose. Objects with a yaw difference exceeding this value are excluded from the safety check.                                                                                                    | 2.3562        |
```
